README.md, before:


# Buy Nothing
Inspired by Buy Nothing,This is A web application for giving things away for free or finding things for free. 

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/jonnyleealas/ohnologger)

**Contributors**: Ryan Geddes, Davee Sok, Sarah Shatto, Jonathon Lee.



**Version**: 1.0.0

## Project Overview
- A user can sign in or continue as guest.
- Upon sign up a user can upload a profile picture.
- Upon sign up or login a user can reply to a post or create a post.

#
## Architecture 

```

```
#


## Page Wire Frames

- [Welcome Page](./assets/wireframe/1_Welcome.pdf)
- [Home Page](./assets/wireframe/2_Home.pdf)
- [Item Details 1](./assets/wireframe/2.5_ItemDetails.pdf)
- [Item Details 2](./assets/wireframe/2.75_ItemDetailsSelectUser.pdf)
- [My Feed](./assets/wireframe/3_MyFeed.pdf)
- [Create Post](./assets/wireframe/createPost.pdf)

#

## Dependencies and Tools
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img  align="left"alt="Semantic UI" width="26px" src="./icons/semantic.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="Auth0" width="26px" src="./icons/auth0-logo.png">
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png"/> 

<img  align="left" alt="Axios" width="26px" src="./icons/axiosimage.png"/>
</br>
</br>
<pre>
<b>Javascript ➡ React ➡  Auth0 ➡ Semantic Ui ➡ MongoDB </b>
</pre>

#

## Getting started


#

## Buy Nothing

```


```




#



https://buynothingbackend.herokuapp.com

Commit message:

converted localHost:5000 used in our code to be stored in REACT_APP_API so that when deployed we can just update env files

README.md, after:

# Buy Nothing

Inspired by Buy Nothing,This is A web application for giving things away for free or finding things for free.

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/jonnyleealas/ohnologger)

**Contributors**: Ryan Geddes, Davee Sok, Sarah Shatto, Jonathon Lee.

**Version**: 1.0.0

## Project Overview

- A user can sign in or continue as guest.
- Upon sign up a user can upload a profile picture.
- Upon sign up or login a user can reply to a post or create a post.

#

## Architecture

```

```

#

## Page Wire Frames

- [Welcome Page](./assets/wireframe/1_Welcome.pdf)
- [Home Page](./assets/wireframe/2_Home.pdf)
- [Item Details 1](./assets/wireframe/2.5_ItemDetails.pdf)
- [Item Details 2](./assets/wireframe/2.75_ItemDetailsSelectUser.pdf)
- [My Feed](./assets/wireframe/3_MyFeed.pdf)
- [Create Post](./assets/wireframe/createPost.pdf)

#

## Dependencies and Tools

<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="React" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img  align="left"alt="Semantic UI" width="26px" src="./icons/semantic.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="Auth0" width="26px" src="./icons/auth0-logo.png">
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png"/>
<img align="left" alt="SQL" width="26px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/sql/sql.png"/>

<img  align="left" alt="Axios" width="26px" src="./icons/axiosimage.png"/>
</br>
</br>
<pre>
<b>Javascript ➡ React ➡  Auth0 ➡ Semantic Ui ➡ MongoDB </b>
</pre>

#

## Getting started

#

## Buy Nothing

```


```

# Our notes while developing

```
During local production, .env file should have:
REACT_APP_API=http://localhost:5000

Switch >>>>>>>>>>>>

When Testing backend change .env:
REACT_APP_API=https://buynothingbackend.herokuapp.com

```
